hi people from a game channel that are
again with a new guest role for you
this time must give no the last year
even though share sadness and I am me with
some hay and outside you save me
I also eat and sit on him and
player for you the new demo
scavenger you also come to what he likes
game oh shit is really very good
oudestraat 4 you must
a new weapon with four schinnen
types and also types
this was the christmas tree i was angry and i
did not play a lot but I think
no more about water well I have to say
I've played with it sometimes
other maps but yes it is a bit de
mean that you should be close by when they are
but after is god i have to be that good
keep right-clicking so that
you say the direction
no you can not be an 18-year-old in your direction
how do i determine the views and the
upper ordinary boat hi explosion blond
scramble that and environment scan it pieces
after that in sniper we want that
more so comic book that is a bit straight
Shoot out emails sniper things so
long distance can shoot and you have
also to the ordinary and never blush
yes if you do so in this game
now I have an xbox cote so
actually a bad apple
she said you should see it as a big score
is therefore more
the road sine pro score as a class
quarter-note hand brake
yeah hey this kind of long and if you are with you
buying cross wash is a bit like that
from which pull your theme into it on the nose
the hair yes well you have a start already
moment when you can see the game in
then you see that you continue completely
nothing you have just what you have
really only ever just
you candy your gun
what you have to choose yourself and now that what
you have to save a little lady and there
You can then lie of the land
all spread weapons that during
picking up
are all scattered and lesbos
and that guy and yes some further
well we can go over them party I
find it a pity that not such a
extensive I expected more than to
the suitcase of a game and your picture too
of game that says aftermath and such
that you craziness
yes it looks like you like it
highlighter is anna and i thought okay you
get take it because I have thick machine that
team sherry was like turning around
probably some fuck young boy it stayed
team is out here
I can see the father's business
Just around the name and age
I see that there is an invisible wall
build that number here okay
invisible wall maybe it should
ice-watch event discovered
yes you must get why i shoot
that guy boy what do I think the pile of
grill that can I can not at any time
your jabra where i am now i am not one
henry's nora oh i can fall off
vaccinate you missing kasmi there
to
mondeo signal that mini often does t
is right then I need something I need
that hurts a little lobi
fitzwilliam
yes but i really only have one
my site off oh and by the way what i like you
can tell what wants to hug is that
you can't become 3 5
that is really a shame yes
Of course from a label you are you
returns
well if you often went green that way
very quick
yes those are short legs then i have to
well its here yes it depends for one
actor video of course yes we but the
most tickets are very few
that's right but I also like that
because shorter games yes you have there
of course to have weston back also uhm
rusty on these maps what you don't get on the
normal harm 2 or 1 hour earlier prayer
for three maps app yes what we can
say is
did you like this well do you want more here
of i would say give it a like and
who knows come back again with a
new level 3 game play and information
then say you have to do yes so see that
as thanks for looking
until you